captain phone apps for technology
productivity content creation creativity
these are specifically on the iPhone but
a lot of them can be found on a Android
operating system home on Twitter I asked
you guys what are your top eight apps
that you have been using recently and
you guys just responded with so many
tweets it was really happy to see that
some of you guys are still playing
pokemon Co and what I noticed a lot is a
new game show app called like HQ trivia
and plenty of other things but the most
consistent were messages snapchat
Instagram and Facebook but for this
video I am going to share my top ten
apps that I use for just life in regards
to productivity and content creation but
let's start with number one and it's a
very basic app but it's one that I
discovered a very clutch feature and
recently Instagram I'm on Instagram a
ton but I just use it for consuming and
then posting some pictures and video
from my life but I figured out a feature
that honestly I didn't know existed but
it's been around for a while it's a way
to treat Instagram kind of like a
Pinterest I've never actually used
Pinterest but I find a lot of
inspiration and things I want to say for
reference later on Instagram and you can
actually do that within the app so the
save feature they actually introduced
something called collections where you
can organize the content from Instagram
that you dig so just today I created
clothing inspo I only have one picture
saved but I'm definitely gonna be
filling out up and then spaces I love
creative spaces and offices and things
and so I put places that I vibe with in
here the fact that this feature lives
directly into Instagram is amazing
speaking of Instagram my number two app
is a app called enough on them on them
on if you are very particular about your
Instagram feed this app allows you to
plan it out and see how your feet it
looks and adjust to the content that you
post so I think my feed looks pretty
cool I like punchy
trust and saturation but if I want to
see the next Instagram that I'm gonna
post is going to fit in to my feet I can
upload that picture we'll just take this
picture of John we'll say done
and then you can see how that looks like
within your feet does that fit so this
is fantastic if you do the tiling on
Instagram where you have three pictures
is equal to one or the block of six
pictures is equal to like one graphic or
something
this is very good to plan that out so
I'm gonna keep all these ideas saving
images for reference if you guys like to
create mood boards IRL so literally
taping pictures and things to the wall
you're going to love this app called
curators so basically what this allows
you to do is create a mood board of text
images links and add it to this massive
board to reference to later
I haven't played around a lot with this
because I just discovered it but it is a
fantastic tool to send maybe a mood
board to a person or maybe a client you
are working with or someone you're
collaborating with okay guys we're doing
good we're doing good four down six to
go the next one I'm going to mention is
Expensify if you are a freelancer of any
type it is so important to keep track of
expensive you buy a camera you are a
videographer so you're using that camera
for work you need to expense that thing
for taxes so you can write it off and
Expensify you can categorize your
expenses based on trips or certain time
periods so it is a fantastic way to get
organized and you can also attach
receipts to certain transactions
up next is office
if you guys are still scanning papers
into computers what are you even doing
this app allows you to take a document
I'm going to find a document I'm going
to set this document on a flat surface
picture it's processing and boom it
cross it perfectly into a rectangle so
it looks like you scanned it and even if
it's a little off you can go in and
correct it so now that I have this
beautiful document I can save it and
send as a PDF or email it straight from
here next up is an app called breather
let's just take a breather because I'm
realizing going through 10 different
apps is a lot breather is kind of like a
Airbnb but for office spaces you can
rent them by the hour or by the day I
just discovered this but this is
something I might utilize if I ever need
to film certain things I need a new
aesthetic maybe a new background I'm
collaborating with someone and if I only
need it for about two hours there are a
lot of affordable options so I see this
from the filming standpoint if I just
need a space to film I see it was very
affordable but it's obviously super
clutch for meetings if you need to bring
a team of people together these places
are static yes yeah the next app is kind
of out of right field but I've kind of
been into cryptocurrency lately and
blockchain and all of that fascinating
technology I've gotten the question a
lot what exchange do you use to invest
into cryptocurrency and trade the app is
called coin base here the main coins
Bitcoin aetherium and light point now
I'm not gonna go into the app and show
you all of my financial info but trust
me the UI is beautiful and if you are
new to cryptocurrency and all that this
is a good place to start the next app is
G board it is a keyboard that has made
my iMessage experience better so here
are bringing you into my riveting
conversation with Jonathan Hill we're
talking about what kind of ladder should
we get for the new office this is what
Google keyboard looks like you can
Google something right in the app and
then push up the results to the message
so I'll just hit share and I can send
that to show him the closest lows you
can get the search results from Google
YouTube or Google Maps but my two
favorite things about this app is the
swiping this is so cool and then you can
use the bar to scroll through these
specific texts this is just me holding
down the spacebar and it allows you to
navigate throughout the text the swiping
to text is so handy when texting with
one hand I can barely type normally now
my second reason why I love G board is
gifs are right here the you know drawing
is right here but you can search emoji
so no more scrolling around forever to
find that one emoji say New York and you
got all the New York stuff
[Music]
my last two apps are for purely
inspiration and consumption of books and
podcasts so coming in at number nine is
the podcasting app overcast usually I
listen on Apple's native app but with
their update the UI and UX is just so
clunky there is no hierarchy to it and
it's just it's confusing it takes about
four clicks to get to anything so that's
why I have chosen overcast some podcasts
that I would recommend if you're curious
is masters of scale with Reid Hoffman he
formerly co-founded LinkedIn a few
others open for business and start up
with gimlet anything gimlet does is
amazing so the podcasts open for
business and also startup Rico decode is
also a fantastic one and last but
certainly not least is the Kindle app
for awhile I was trying to force myself
to sit down and read from a physical
book because they look so cool it makes
you look smart but it just didn't happen
it's very difficult for me to read out
of the physical book but it's so natural
for me to have my phone in my hand
suppose like Sarah don't fight it just
read books on your phone and that way
you can also highlight parts that you
dig write notes and save them to PDFs or
other forms of notes it makes reading
fun it's so fun it's really fun and
shout out to Kingston for sponsoring
this video I have been using my Kingston
bolt a ton
[Music]
it literally lives on my keys and it is
a way to have removable storage for your
iPhone's there is a thunderbolt on one
side and a USB to the other you can plug
it into your phone
move photos video over to here so it
frees up storage on your iPhone or you
can shoot just directly to the bolt
I made a video about the Kingston bolt
you can check it out right here and all
of the information is in the description
below thank you guys so much for hanging
out with me today I am moving into the
studio soon I'm so excited
John are you excited so I am thoroughly
excited going to bring you guys on the
journey but for now let me know if you
like this video thank you for tuning in
hit that subscribe button down in the
description below until next time guys
stay peachy okay
[Music]